1. roa process "X:\..._info.txt" --output processed
When I run the program with like this it creates a new folder (e.g. "processed") in the output directory. 
But if a folder with this name already exists in the output directory I want "old" folder to be replaced with a new one.
The parameter "--output processed" should be a default behavior and it should be optional.

2. It often happens that sample degrades during measurement or the inithial scans are not stable enough.
Add parameter to limit the range of blocks to be processed, for example "--range 1-50".

3. Add a figure with overlap of all Raman spectra with fist and last block plotted with thicker lines.

4. Add a figure of comarison of integrated intensity of isolated Raman blocks.

5. Add a figure of comparison of Raman intensity at wavenumbers 416, 930, 1302, 1347, 1556, 1647, 1731, 2500.

6. roa process "X:\..._info.txt" --output processed --roa-denoise-qc
ROA QC-weighted mean has potential to be a useful function but now it's very weak effect (0.1%). Allow user to tune aggressiveness of denoising, example "--roa-denoise-qc 5".

7. roa process "X:\..._info.txt" --output processed --roa-qc-reject-blocks --roa-qc-max-block-noise 1.2
It worked well, 2 blocks with the largest noise sigma were rejected.
It took me a long time to find the factor "1.2" that would reject these 2 blocks.
It would be great that user defines number of blocks with largest noise sigma to reject.
Also, I want this functionality to be done by one parameter, example of full comand: roa process "X:\..._info.txt" --output processed --roa-highest-noise-reject-blocks 2
Add a figure ROA before and after reqection.

8. These parameters are useless "--no-normalize-time", "--no-normalize-power", since I always need to normalize time and power.

9. Functionality to plot from processed result is not needed, remove it.
Examples of commans that are not needed:

```bash
roa plot processed --info-file "X:\...\sample_info.txt" --kind final
roa plot processed --info-file "X:\...\sample_info.txt" --kind spikes
roa plot processed --info-file "X:\...\sample_info.txt" --kind isolated-roa
```
10. Create a folder processed/components and save all spectral files from "final_spectra.csv" as a parir of space separated columns X and Y without header.
Name of each file should be same as the header in "final_spectra.csv"

For Raman baseline subtraction, I normally record spectrum of water (solvent) in the same cuvette at same laser power, I record empty cuvette at same laser power and I record empty sample space to get air spectrum. empty cuvette - air spectrum gives me glass spectrum. water in cuvette - glass gives me pure water Raman. Often I measure not transparent samples that have higher content of glass in the Raman spectra.
I can provide path to reference spectra, but it should be optional.

